Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/ip-tracker-microservice.md

In your _cumulocity.json_ file:

> 1. Add the required roles (permissions) to be able to create events and alarms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the required permissions (using the `requiredRoles` field) to be able to create events and alarms.
```

I think this is what's meant?
